doc: add module diligence section to README (#37)
nodeshift/nodejs-reference-architecture: README.md

  * Load-balancing
  * [Failure Handling](./docs/operations/failurehandling.md)

## Module Diligence

As a minium, any modules recommended as part of this reference architeucture should meet the following criteria:

* The module is not deprecated.
* The module has an appropriate license.

>   * _Can we define what we consider an 'appropriate' license is in this context?_

Reviewer: I think we could define a set of licences that are generally acceptable (MIT, Apache 2 etc.) and those that are not in the list should be flagged for additional review/agreement that it still makes sense to recommend the module.

  * Load-balancing
  * [Failure Handling](./docs/operations/failurehandling.md)

## Module Diligence

> As a minium, any modules recommended as part of this reference architeucture should meet the following criteria:

Author: ```suggestion
As a minimum, any modules recommended as part of this reference architecture should meet the following criteria:
```
fixup typos
